[@azure/monitor-query] Code Changes to add scope to Metrics Query Client and modify MetricsBatchOptionalParams (#26868)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/monitor/monitor-query/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.2.0-beta.2 (2023-08-21)

- Added `batchMetricsAuthScope` property to `MetricsBatchQueryClientOptions` object.

> - Added intergration test cases for `MetricsBatchQueryClient`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added integration test cases for `MetricsBatchQueryClient`.
```

### Breaking Changes

> - In the `MetricsBatchOptionalParams` object, the names of the properties `endtime`, `orderby`, `starttime` are changed to `endTime`, `orderBy`, `startTime` respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the `MetricsBatchOptionalParams` object, the casing of property names `endtime`, `orderby`, and `starttime` changed to `endTime`, `orderBy`, and `startTime` respectively.
```
